From https://medium.com/syncedreview/microsofts-deepspeed-visualchat-breaking-boundaries-in-multi-modal-language-models-3c11bfeab002
From https://arxiv.org/abs/2309.14327

Existing models face limitations in handling interleaved image-and-text inputs in multi-image, multi-round dialogues, 
and their adaptability and scalability across diverse interaction realms are hampered by constraints related to training and data accessibility.

--> The DeepSpeed-VisualChat framework, which is designed to optimize Large Language Models (LLMs) by incorporating multi-modal capabilities, 
demonstrating superior scalability, even up to a 70 billion parameter language model size, when compared to existing frameworks

1. Fully Open-Sourced Multi-round Multi-image Framework:
   DeepSpeed-VisualChat, one of the pioneering fully open-sourced frameworks, enables multi-round and multi-image dialogues, 
   accommodating interleaved text-and-image inputs.
2. Multi-Modal Causal Attention (MMCA): 
   We devise a novel MMCA for multi-modal models that independently computes attention weights across various modalities.
3. Data Blending for Interleaved Inputs:
   To facilitate conversations with interleaved modalities, DeepSpeed-VisualChat employs assorted data blending techniques 
   on existing datasets, overcoming the shortage of interleaved text-and-image inputs in most available open-sourced datasets.
4. Unprecedented Scalability: 
   We leverage the DeepSpeed framework to amplify our training with a 2B visual encoder from and a 70B language decoder from LLaMA-2,
   illustrating the remarkable scalability of our framework.

** DeepSpeed-VisualChat is structured based on MiniGPT4, where a pre-trained vision encoder encodes an image, 
   which is then aligned with the hidden dimension of the text embedding layer’s output through a linear layer. 
   These diverse inputs are then passed to language models like LLaMA2, powered by the new Multi-Modal Causal Attention (MMCA) mechanism. 
   Both the vision encoder and the language model are kept frozen

   In contrast to the conventional Cross Attention (CrA), which introduces new parameters 
   and complexities, MMCA addresses these issues by having visual tokens attend to themselves and textual 
   tokens attend to their previous tokens with separate attention weight matrices for text and image tokens.
