1. Understanding Non-Axiomatic Reasoning System (NARS) and Its Human-Like Approach:
   The Non-Axiomatic Reasoning System (NARS) is indeed a reasoning system that doesn’t rely on rigid, predefined rules, 
   but rather adapts to uncertain and incomplete information. Unlike traditional logic systems that are based on strict axioms, 
   NARS is designed to work under conditions of limited knowledge and resources. Here are some key points:

   -1. Flexible Rules
       NARS doesn’t require fixed axioms or strict rules. Instead, it uses adaptable, situation-dependent reasoning rules.
   -2. Handling Uncertainty
       NARS excels in reasoning with incomplete or uncertain information. While traditional systems require complete and precise data to draw conclusions, 
       NARS can still infer useful results even in such uncertain conditions.
   -3. Adaptive Learning
       NARS continuously learns from new experiences, allowing it to adjust its reasoning processes over time. This flexibility is crucial for dealing with changing environments.
   -4. Resource Constraints
       NARS is designed to optimize reasoning even with limited computational resources, making it more practical for real-world applications.

2. Concrete Example of NARS in Action:
   Imagine observing an animal swimming in water. A traditional reasoning system would require a strict rule like, 
   “All animals that swim in water are fish” to deduce that the animal is a fish. However, NARS can work with less certainty:

   - NARS might know that “Fish usually swim in water” with a certain level of confidence.
   - When observing the animal swimming, it infers that there’s a probable chance the animal could be a fish, without needing a rigid rule.   
   The reasoning process is probabilistic and flexible, rather than absolute and deterministic.

3. NARS and Human-Like Reasoning:
   Interestingly, NARS resembles how humans think:
   -1. Reasoning with Incomplete Information
       Humans often make decisions with limited knowledge by drawing conclusions based on past experiences.
   -2. Probabilistic Thinking
       Rather than absolute certainty, humans evaluate situations based on likelihoods. 
       For example, predicting the weather involves assessing probabilities rather than definitive outcomes.
   -3. Experiential Learning
       As humans encounter new experiences, they update their beliefs without drastically changing their worldview.
   -4. Cognitive Resource Limits
       Human reasoning is constrained by limited cognitive resources, leading to quick decision-making using only relevant information.
   
   NARS, by design, mimics these human traits in an AI system, allowing for flexible, adaptive reasoning that more closely aligns with real-world situations. 
   It’s a probabilistic reasoning system that introduces flexibility and realism into decision-making processes, much like how human reasoning works.

4. Implementation Concept:
   NARS operates by managing “beliefs” with confidence levels instead of binary true/false facts. 
   As it gathers more information, it updates these beliefs and draws new inferences. Here’s a simplified Python implementation:

   """
   class NARS:
    def __init__(self):
        self.beliefs = {}

    def add_belief(self, statement, confidence):
        self.beliefs[statement] = confidence

    def update_belief(self, statement, new_confidence):
        if statement in self.beliefs:
            self.beliefs[statement] = (self.beliefs[statement] + new_confidence) / 2
        else:
            self.beliefs[statement] = new_confidence

    def infer(self, observation):
        for statement, confidence in self.beliefs.items():
            if observation in statement:
                print(f"Inferred from observation: {statement} with confidence {confidence}")

   nars = NARS()
   nars.add_belief("Fish swim in water", 0.9)
   nars.infer("swim in water")

   nars.update_belief("Fish swim in water", 0.8)
   nars.infer("swim in water")
   """


